Carbon Black EDR - New Workflow - Quarantine Endpoint with Slack and Microsoft Teams (#357)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Quarantine_Endpoint_with_Carbon_Black_EDR_from_Slack/help.md

# Description

This workflow quarantines or unquarantines endpoints with Carbon Black EDR via Slack command and reports information back to Slack.
This workflow supports endpoints in the form of hostnames.

Sample Slack Trigger Commands:

`@Rapid7 InsightConnect quarantine-endpoint example-host`

`@Rapid7 InsightConnect unquarantine-endpoint example-host`

To check the device quarantine status in Carbon Black EDR, log into the Carbon Black EDR product web interface and choose the Sensors under the Manage section from the left hand side menu.

> Find the host name on the list and check the Status column for the quarantine status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the hostname on the list and check the Status column for the quarantine status. 
```
